They don't know that we know they know we know.
And all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be.
I remember what it was like to love you because I still do.
You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that.
Have you ever come to hate the very thing that you helped to create?
For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are?
There is something about yourself that you don't know.
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who we are?
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane.
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how.
You are what you are and you are where you are because of what has gone into your mind. You change what you are and you change where you are by changing what goes into your mind.
You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
When you find that once again you long to take your heart back and be free, if you ever find a moment, spare a thought for me.
And he told us of his life in the land of submarines.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
But I really believe that there are more good people on this earth than bad people, and the good people watch out for each other and take care of each other.
You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.
Bother me, tell me awful things. You know I love it when you move that on me, love it when you do that on me.
I know it's a mistake. But there are certain things in life where you know it's a mistake, but you don't really know it's a mistake, because the only way to really know it's a mistake is to make the mistake.
There was never any more inception than there is now, nor any more youth or age than there is now; and will never be any more perfection than there is now, nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.
That was what I wanted, but I don't need it to be gone. I can love you and I can love life and bear the pain all at the same time. I think the pain might even make the rest better, the way a good setting can make a diamond look better.
Was it all put into words, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it?
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have some say in who hurts you.
When you dance the dance of another, you make yourself in the image of its creator. You empty yourself so that her work can live within you.
You never should settle for the lifetime that is handed to you. There's always a line to be cut and someone to barrel through. And if you should find that you're about to get the short of the stick, take what you want, return what you get.
I want to be very small, and I want you to put me in your pocket, and I wanna stay there and you can just reach in whenever you want and just pat me on the head.
For all those times you stood by me, for all the truth that you made me see, for all the joy you brought to my life, for all the wrong that you made right.
There is freedom in coming and going for no other reason than because you can. There is freedom in choosing to sit and be still when everything is always telling you to move, move fast.
So you need to know things, even when you don't need to know them. You need to know them not because you need to know them, but because you need to know whether or not you need to know. And if you don't need to know you still need to know so that you know that there was no need to know.
I love the ground under his feet, and the air over his head, and everything he touches and every word he says. I love all his looks, and all his actions and him entirely and all together.
I know just how to whisper and I know just how to cry. I know just where to find the answers and I know just how to lie. I know just how to fake it and I know just how to scheme. I know just when to face the truth and then I know just when to dream.
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.
The thing about a story is that you dream it as you tell it, hoping that others might then dream along with you, and in this way memory and imagination and language combine to make spirits in the head. There is the illusion of aliveness.
It seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind, never knowing who to cling to when the rain set in. And I would have liked to have known you but I was just a kid.
There will come a time when all of us are dead.
They had taken it all away from him now, they had turned away from him and there was nothing for him now. He was alone and there was nothing for him.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
Some people pass through your life and you never think about them again. Some you think about and wonder what ever happened to them. Some you wonder if they ever wonder what happened to you. And then there are some you wish you never had to think about again. But you do.
And I will say that we should take a day to break away from all the pain our brain has made, the game is not played alone. And I will say that we should take a moment and hold it and keep it frozen and know that life has a hopeful undertone.
Something in the wind has learned my name and it's telling me that things are not the same. In the leaves on the trees and the touch of the breeze there's a pleasing sense of happiness for me.
Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
We look not at the things which are what you would call seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal. But the things which are not seen are eternal.
In this world everything is governed by balance. There's what you stand to gain and what you stand to lose. And in this moment they think they have nothing to lose. And when you believe you've got nothing to lose, you're overconfident. We will be the ones that are going to show them just how much they have to lose.
I love to type crazy stuff.
Kanbaru, if they find out what you did here, a lot of people will say a lot of things to you. Some will say you did the right thing. And some will say you did the wrong thing. But that's not what matters. No matter what anyone says, you don't have to worry. Because you didn't do the right thing, and you didn't do the wrong thing. It was all part of being young.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance, for a break that would make it okay. There's always some reason to feel not good enough and it's hard at the end of the day.
Maybe, the only thing that has to make sense about being somebody's friend is that you help them be their best self on any given day. That you give them a home when they don't want to be in their own.
For as it is not one swallow or one fine day that makes a spring, so it is not one day or a short time that makes a man blessed and happy.
If I have to hear one more time that you did this for the family...
What difference does it make? Because in the end, when you lose somebody, every candle, every prayer is not going to make up for the fact that the only thing you have left is a hole in your life where that somebody that you cared about used to be.
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
Thinking you know everything there is to know about something will only hold you back, because it prevents you from learning anything new.
How can you tell me that you're lonely and say for you that the sun don't shine? Let me take you by the hand and lead you through the streets of London. I'll show you something to make you change your mind.
When you are painting you should take a flat mirror and often look at your work within it, and it will then be seen in reverse, and will appear to be by the hand of some other master, and you will be better able to judge of its faults than in any other way.
It is easy to say that names should reveal intent. What we want to impress upon you is that we are serious about this. Choosing good names takes time but saves more than it takes. So take care with your names and change them when you find better ones.
We were sent here for something. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose.
You don't know what's in store, but you know what you're here for.
But of bliss and glad life there is little to be said, before it ends; as works fair and wonderful, while they still endure for eyes to see, are ever their own record, and only when they are in peril and broken for ever do they pass into song.
Someone sits on the shore and tells him how the waves have been there long before Bill existed, and that they'd still be there long after he's gone. Bill looks out at the water and thinks of all the wonderful things he will do with his life.
Some say better things will come our way. No matter what they try to say, you were always there for me. Some way, when the sun begins to shine, I hear a song from another time and fade away.
No matter how deep the night, it always turns to day eventually.
As far as I can tell there are only three kinds of lies: the kind you don't want to get caught telling, the kind you don't care if you get caught telling, and the kind you can't get caught telling.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
Adios rock band that we loved the most, this is a toast to what you did, and all that you were fighting for. Who could do more, when time marches on? Words come and go, we will sing the melodies that you did long ago.
Then we saw him pick up all the things that were down. He picked up the cake, and the rake, and the gown, and the milk, and the strings, and the books, and the dish, and the fan, and the cup, and the ship, and the fish.
The green eyes, you're the one that I wanted to find and anyone who tried to deny you, must be out of their mind.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try. You're going to kick yourself in the butt for the rest of your life if you don't.
The light and the dark the big and the small. Just keep in mind you need no more at all. You've seen what you were and know what you'll be. You've seen it all, there is no more to see.
If it's possible for us to present them with the correct answers, we should do that. But that's not always something we can do. Instead, the best we can do is make sure that they don't stop thinking and they don't stop searching for the ways and things that are best for them.
There is only one wish on my mind: when this day is through I hope that I will find that tomorrow will be just the same for you and me. All I need will be mine if you are here.
There comes a time when we heed a certain call, when the world must come together as one. There are people dying and it's time to lend a hand to life, the greatest gift of all.
I had been right, I was still right, I was always right. I had lived my life one way and I could just as well have lived it another. I had done this and I hadn't done that. I hadn't done this thing but I had done another.
If he stayed at home and carried on with his normal life he would be a thousand times superior to these people and could get any of them out of his way just with a kick.
If you come to a river and find a boat at the edge, you will use that boat and it will serve you well, but once across the river, do you put the boat on your shoulders and carry it with you on the rest of your journey?
She did not tell them to clean up their lives, or go and sin no more. She did not tell them they were the blessed of the earth, its inheriting meek, or its glory-bound pure. She told them that the only grace they could have is the grace they could imagine. That if they could not see it, they could not have it.
I sense there's something in the wind. That feels like tragedy's at hand and though I'd like to stand by him. Can't shake this feeling that I have. The worst is just around the bend and does he notice my feelings for him and will he see how much he means to me. I think it's not to be.
I never wanted that. Of course, it's one thing not to want something; it's another to be told you can't have it. I guess it's just nice knowing that you could someday do it if you change your mind. But now, all of a sudden, that door is closed.
Doubting someone is not necessarily a bad thing, because it is something that you do to get to know the person better. What is really bad is not being concerned at all.
In one remote corner of the vast sea of information on the Internet, there was a remote corner, and in a remote corner of that remote corner, and then in a remote corner of a remote corner of a remote corner of that remote corner - that is, in the very depth of the most remote corner of all - a virtual world came back to life.
I used to dread getting older because I thought I would not be able to do all the things I wanted to do, but now that I'm older I find that I don't want to do them.
If you think anyone is sane you just don't know enough about them.
We now know that most of the stars in the sky have worlds around them, but we don't know if there's life on those worlds. We know there's life on our own world, but that doesn't tell us whether life is normal or not. Maybe life is a very strange thing that got started only once, and none of the other worlds have anyone on them to wonder about this question.
She sits in a corner by the door. There must be more I can tell her if she really wants me to help her. I'll do what I can to show her the way, and maybe one day I will free her, though I know no one can see her.
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life but that great consciousness of life.
The hills are alive with the sound of music, with songs they have sung for a thousand years. The hills fill my heart with the sound of music. My heart wants to sing every song it hears.
You must love your work, and not be always looking over the edge of it, wanting your play to begin. And the other is, you must not be ashamed of your work, and think it would be more honorable to you to be doing something else.
I swear, there is nothing in the world my mother is better at than getting someone to agree to something that in any other universe, they would never ever consider.
I can't believe the things I see. The path that I have chosen now has led me to a wall, and with each passing day I feel a little more like something dear was lost.
I don't care who you are, where you're from, what you did, as long as you love me. Every little thing that you have said and done feels like it's deep within me. Doesn't really matter if you're on the run, it seems like we're meant to be.
Growing up to be a mommy is one of the most wonderful things a little girl can want to do but there are other things in life she can do as well. For instance, she can work her head off and show all those arrogant boys that she's just as capable and intelligent and creative as any little stud around!
And as we wind on down the road, our shadows taller than our soul, there walks a lady we all know who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold. And if you listen very hard the tune will come to you at last.
Well, you told me I have a plethora. And I just would like to know if you know what a plethora is. I would not like to think that a person would tell someone he has a plethora, and then find out that that person has no idea what it means to have a plethora.
It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, I want to spend each moment of the day with you. Look what has happened with just one kiss, I never knew that I could be in love like this.
There is thought, and then there is thinking about thoughts, and they don't feel the same. They must reflect quite different aspects of brain function. The point is, the brain talks to itself, and by talking to itself changes its perceptions.
A body has one more kind of pull. This pull is such that it will want to stay put all the time. And the more mass it has, the more it will want to stay put.
For centuries, the battle of morality was fought between those who claimed that your life belongs to God and those who claimed that it belongs to your neighbors. And no one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to live it.
In a business like this the people with the power are the ones that have the understanding of what's going on, not necessarily the ones on top.
I learned to write because I am one of those people who somehow cannot manage the common communications of smiles and gestures, but must use words to get across things that other people would never need to say.
Yeah, they got you where they want you. There's a better life and you think about it, don't you? It's a rich man's game no matter what they call it and you spend your life putting money in his wallet.
Look at the sky, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise. Look at your mind, and ask yourself what keeps you trapped inside. Look at the lights, they follow you when you run and hide. Look at the sky, the sun won't ask, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise.
It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.
When you meet the right person, you know it. You can't stop thinking about them. They are your best friend, and your soulmate. You can't wait to spend the rest of your life with them. No one and nothing else can compare.
With the money they earn they'll be able to buy more police and political power. Then they come after us. Right now we have the unions and we have the gambling and those are the best things to have.
And it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune, then the piper will lead us to reason and a new day will dawn for those who stand long and the forests will echo with laughter.
The weird thing about houses is that they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them, even though they contain most of our lives. I wondered if that was sort of the point of architecture.
It feels scary to talk, because once the words are out, you can't put them back in. But if you write words and they don't come out the way you want them to, you can erase them and start over.
I was once like you are now, and I know that it's not easy to be calm when you've found something going on. But take your time, think a lot. I think of everything you've got, for you will still be here tomorrow but your dreams may not.
They don't know our world but they know their own.
There are those who say that life is like a book, with chapters for each event in your life and a limited number of pages on which you can spend your time. But I prefer to think that a book is like a life, particularly a good one, which is well worth staying up all night to finish.
I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose.
I thought: That is the fear. I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it. It is fear like if someone lost his glasses and went to the glasses store and they told him that the world had run out of glasses and he would just have to do without.
Monsters come in all shapes and sizes. Some of them are things people are scared of. Some of them are things that look like things people used to be scared of a long time ago. Sometimes monsters are things people should be scared of, but they aren't.
Maybe I will never be all the things that I wanna be. Now is not the time to cry, now's the time to find out why. I think you're the same as me, we see things they'll never see.
Now that I look back, I don't know why I was so stressed about it all this time. Funny how sometimes you worry a lot about something and it turns out to be nothing.
I never came to the beach or stood by the ocean, I never sat by the shore under the sun with my feet in the sand, but you brought me here and I'm happy that you did.
Sometimes people have to do things that just seem right. That seem right in their hearts, I mean. And if they do those things and then end up not feeling right, full of questions and sort of like they got indigestion, only inside their heads instead of in their guts, they think they made a mistake.
Think of what you're saying, you can get it wrong and still you think that it's alright. Think of what I'm saying, we can work it out and get it straight or say good night.
Know this son: the hard truth of life is that everyone leaves and everything dies. There is no exception to the passing of time.
Try and hear me then I'm done cause I might just say this once. Seen this played out in my dream. It doesn't matter. Time for giving up the ghost. It's you I hate the most and there is no guarantee. It doesn't matter.
For the times when we're apart, well, then close your eyes and know these words are coming from my heart and then if you can remember in good times and bad times I'll be on your side forevermore.
Try to understand men, if you understand each other you will be kind to each other. Knowing a man well never leads to hate and nearly always leads to love.
I want to leave my footprints in the sands of time. Know there was something that meant something that I left behind. The hearts I have touched will be the proof that I leave that I made a difference and this world will see I was here.
For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are.
Life is nothing how he expected it would be when he was young and living under the delusion that things could be controlled. Nothing can be controlled. Only endured.
What you need to learn, children, is the difference between right and wrong in every area of life. And once you learn the difference, you must always choose the right.
I can take you for a ride on my big green tractor, we can go slow or make it go faster, down through the woods and out to the pasture, long as I'm with you it really don't matter.
The people with ideas have no power and the people with power have no ideas.
What's the use you learning to do right when it's troublesome to do right and ain't no trouble to do wrong, and the wages is just the same?
If you have to choose among an infinite number of ways to put it together then the relation of the machine to you, and the relation of the machine and you to the rest of the world, has to be considered, because the selection from among many choices, the art of the work is just as dependent upon your own mind and spirit as it is upon the material of the machine.
Sometimes the briefest moments capture us, force us to take them in, and demand that we live the rest of our lives in reference to them.
In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and to keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose, and in the end, we get it all. Running a casino is like robbing a bank with no cops around.
To make power, people try to put pieces of this metal close enough together that they make heat fast, but not so close that they go out of control and blow up. This is very hard, but there is so much heat and power stored in this metal that some people have wanted to try anyway.
There's never been a true war that wasn't fought between two sets of people who were certain they were in the right. The really dangerous people believe they are doing whatever they are doing solely and only because it is without question the right thing to do. And that is what makes them dangerous.
You know no one and no one knows you, and at the same time you don't feel like a stranger. But here you know everyone and everyone knows you, and yet you are a stranger.
Sometimes you never feel meaner than the moment you stop being mean. It's like how turning on a light makes you realize how dark the room had gotten. And the way you usually act, the things you would have normally done, are like these ghosts that everyone can see but pretends not to.
But of bliss and glad life there is little to be said, before it ends; as works fair and wonderful, while they still endure for eyes to see, are ever their own record, and only when they are in peril and broken for ever do they pass into song.
There were people who lied for gain, people who lied from pain, people who lied simply because the concept of telling the truth was utterly alien to them... and then there were people who lied because they were waiting for it to be time to tell the truth.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
You can always build a shrine to all the terrible things in the world, but it doesn't mean that you have to destroy anything that is good.
I had considered how the things that never happen are often as much realities to us, in their effects, as those that are accomplished.
If you lie and pretend that you like them, you're fine. But if you tell them the truth, you get fired, you can't afford food, and you get shanked for cutting in line at the soup kitchen. And then you die.
In any war, there are calms between storms. There will be days when we lose faith, days when our allies turn against us. But the day will never come that we forsake this planet and its people.
Humans need to practice what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practice the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives.
I find myself so furious at all these people that I am in contact with just for controlling me or whatever but you know they are not even aware they are doing it.
There was a little boy once upon a time who in spite of his young age and small size knew his mind. For every copper penny and clover he would find, he'd make a wish for better days and the end of hard times.
The great breakthrough in your life comes when you realize that you can learn anything you need to learn to accomplish any goal that you set for yourself.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
Years later he would say that when he'd decided to become a professional baseball player, it was the only time he'd done something just for the money, and that he'd never do something just for the money ever again. He would never again let the market dictate the direction of his life.
Look, there's only one thing worse than being a loser. It's being one of those guys that sits in a bar, telling the story of how he became a loser, and I never want that to happen to me.
One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married. That this very scenario happened to me is likely of little comfort to those still wondering about their future.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.
Demons run when a good man goes to war. Night will fall and drown the sun when a good man goes to war. Friendship dies and true love lies. Night will fall and the dark will rise when a good man goes to war. Demons run but count the cost; the battle's won but the child is lost.
When has anyone ever told me I had the right to stop it all without my knuckles, or my anger, with just some simple words.
You have a class of young strong men and women, and they want to give their lives to something. Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need.
So you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking, racing around to come up behind you again. The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older, shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
I just watched the man that I love go to prison so that none of you have to, and it hasn't been five minutes and you're already ripping each other apart.
I remember how you said that sometimes it gets just a little hard being home. There's sand stuck in my bed and memories in my head, love, I've been trying to let this whole thing go.
For still there are so many things that I have never seen: in every wood, in every spring there is a different green. I sit beside the fire and think of people long ago, and people who will see a world that I shall never know.
A choice tells the world what is most important to a human being. When a man has a choice to make he chooses what is most important to him, and that choice tells the world what kind of a man he is.
She can lead you to love, she can take you or leave you, she can ask for the truth, but she'll never believe. And she'll take what you give her as long as it's free.
And when he came to, he was flat on his back on the beach in the freezing sand, and it was raining out of a low sky, and the tide was way out.
And so we meet at last. You are to be commended for avoiding my traps. The work of a man who once had too much time on his hands, and now finds time for nothing but the work of salvation.
And it came to pass that I beheld others pressing forward, and they came forth and caught hold of the end of the rod of iron; and they did press forward through the mist of darkness, clinging to the rod of iron, even until they did come forth and partake of the fruit of the tree.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
I'm sure there are things you know that you don't even know you know.
Take time to really think about your excuses and write them down. These are the same excuses that you always use to stop yourself from learning something new.
I never know if I can handle anything. That's what makes my life so exciting.
I have lived my life to the best of my ability. But I have not been able to escape fate, anger, or pain. Bring me the answers and the road that leads to the truth. Reveal to me once and for all, how all of this will end.
I don't like the terms good person or bad person because it's impossible to be entirely good to everyone, or entirely bad to everyone. To some, you are a good person, while to others you are a bad person.
I don't know what it is that makes me love you so. I only know I never want to let you go 'cause you started something. Can't you see that ever since we met you've had a hold on me?
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till we're one. Love was when I loved you one true time I hold to in my life we'll always go on.
I don't know, you're made of metal, but you have feelings... and that means you have a soul, and souls don't die... Mom says it's something inside of all good things, and that it goes on forever and ever.
Every time that I think I'm alone, and I can't find a word of my own, you take me home and then you change the world again. With only one word, you took a war out of my history. It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world, and give mine back to me so much better.
These memories lose their meaning when I think of love as something new, though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before. I know I'll often stop and think about them.
Sometimes life is like this tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.
I don't want to live someone else's idea of how to live. Don't ask me to do that. I don't want to find out one day that I'm at the end of someone else's life.
Late into the night I write and the pages of my notebook swell from all the words I've pressed onto them. It almost feels like the more I bruise the page the quicker something inside me heals.
I never should have told you, I never should have let you see inside, don't want it troubling in your mind. Won't you let it be?
So, tell me pretty lies, look me in my face. Tell me that you love me, even if it's fake. You can lead me on and leave these questions in my sheets. I'm under it, I made my bed and I'm still wondering.
Even though the bell has rung, some of my classmates are still milling around on the ground. It's the first week of the second semester of senior year, and already they're acting as if they're almost done and out of here.
I've always loved you, and when you love someone, you love the whole person, just as he or she is, and not as you would like them to be.
I don't want to live without your love, I don't want to face the night alone. I could never make it through my life, if I had to make it on my own. I don't want to love nobody else, I don't want to find somebody new, I don't want to live without your love, I just want to live my life with you.
A father may have a child who is ugly and lacking in all the graces, and the love he feels for him puts a blindfold over his eyes so that he does not see his defects but considers them signs of charm and intelligence and recounts them to his friends as if they were clever and witty.
It is not our part to master all the tides of the world, but to do what is in us for the succour of those years wherein we are set, uprooting the evil in the fields that we know, so that those who live after may have clean earth to till. What weather they shall have is not ours to rule.
A few minutes ago, I almost made the biggest mistake of my professional life and it was because I was doing something that just wasn't me.
But I would walk five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more, just to be the man who walks a thousand miles to fall down at your door.
Any man who has the brains to think and the nerve to act for the benefit of the people of the country is considered a radical, by those who are content with stagnation and willing to endure disaster.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings. And there is always one last light to turn out and one last bell to ring. And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything.
Spring is the time of year when it is summer in the sun and winter in the shade.
I think that those two people want to be together. I think that love, at the end of the day, is stronger than some mistake somebody made; something they did that they regret. I think that love allows for forgiveness.
I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I didn't do it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there thinking - thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how near I come to being lost and going to hell.
I don't think I was wrong to have held on to my secrets for all those years, and I don't think I was wrong to have told them now. Circumstances changed, and once they changed, I changed my mind as well.
It is a love based on giving and receiving as well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving, we too can share and love and have... and receive.
What incensed him the most was the blatant jokes of the ones that passed it all off as a jest, pretending to understand everything and in reality not knowing their own minds.
And I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?
He could not be mistaken. There were no other eyes like those in the world. There was only one creature in the world who could concentrate for him all the brightness and meaning of life. It was she. It was Kitty.
Now that I've tried to talk to you and make you understand. All you have to do is close your eyes and just reach out your hands and touch me. Hold me close don't ever let me go.
I'm just going to turn through a few things. When we go out during the day we like to stick to groups of two, just for safety. The red door, it's the only way in and out of the house. That stays closed and locked all the time. I have the keys, this is the only set.
Some feeling had started in my stomach and was traveling up to my face, and I knew that when it got there I would turn bright red and hear the ocean, which is what happens when I get put on the spot.
The worst part of having someone tell you about their vacation is trying to pretend you're happy for them, because no one wants to hear about all the fun they didn't have.
With people like us, you should hang out, get to know what they do, how they do it. No one is going to answer questions like that. You need to understand how young people live on the streets.
I'm on the top of the world looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find is the love that I've found ever since you've been around. Your love's put me at the top of the world.
At the root of every large struggle in life is the need to be honest about something that we do not feel we can be honest about. We lie to ourselves or other people because the truth might require action on our part, and action requires courage. We say we don't know what is wrong, when we do know what is wrong; we just wish we didn't.
Some might say that sunshine follows thunder, go and tell it to the man who cannot shine. Some might say that we should never ponder on our thoughts today, 'cause they hold sway over time. Some might say we will find a brighter day.
We know that there is not one person who, after hearing these words, would deny their truth and say that he wanted something else, but he would believe that he had heard exactly what he had desired for a long time - namely, to be melted in unison with his beloved, and the two of them become one. The reason is that our ancient nature was thus and we were whole. And so love is merely the name for the desire and pursuit of the whole.
The point is that if you are a little different, or a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you.
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes. So vague, yet so immense. He did not want to live with it. Yet he knew that, during this night, unless he lived with it very well, he might have to live with it all the rest of his life.
You are the true master of death, because the true master does not seek to run away from Death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying.
This is the song I will sing to you when you're old and tired. I will sing it to remind you that I'm old beside you. And if you're tired of hearing my voice I'm gonna sing it to you anyway 'cause I know that if we made it this far those differences have been put away.
I don't want to talk about it! Every time I think about something nice, you remind me of bad things. I only want to talk about the nice things.
You and Marshall belong together. The two of you have something most people search their whole lives for and never find. I know you love him and if you knew what he was going through right now you wouldn't be here for one more second. I bought you a ticket home. Marshall is one of the best people I know and it won't be long until someone else realizes that and you will lose him forever.
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member. That's the key joke of my adult life in terms of my relationships with women.
Sometimes I wondered if I was seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. Maybe there was a glitch in my brain.
There will be no more retribution, so you better not waste your time. I don't miss your arms around me. I put my hands in the fire when it burned me once, I don't need it for a second time.
If a person can't answer directly to your question, it's either the answer is too painful for you to know or too hard for them to admit.
I've been looking so long at these pictures of you that I almost believe that they're real. I've been living so long with my pictures of you that I almost believe that the pictures are all I can feel.
If you remember everything, I wanted to say, and if you are really like me, then before you leave tomorrow, or when you're just ready to shut the door of the taxi and have already said goodbye to everyone else and there's not a thing left to say in this life, then, just this once, turn to me, even in jest, or as an afterthought, which would have meant everything to me when we were together, and, as you did back then, look me in the face, hold my gaze, and call me by your name.
A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew if I had my chance that I could make those people dance, and maybe they'd be happy for a while.
I took my morning walk, I took my evening walk, I ate something, I thought about something, I wrote, I napped and dreamt something too, and with all that something, I still have nothing because so much of something has always been and always will be you.
For we are not as faithful to the being we have most loved as we are to ourselves and sooner or later we forget her - since that is one of our characteristics - so as to start loving another.
I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.
I am sitting in the morning at the diner on the corner. I am waiting at the counter for the man to pour the coffee, and he fills it only halfway, and before I even argue, he is looking out the window at somebody coming in.
I do this thing where I think I'm really sick, but I won't go to the doctor to find out about it, because they make you stay real still in a real small place, as they chart up your insides and put them on display. They'd see all of it. All of me. All the good that won't come out of me.
So I was sitting in my cubicle today, and I realized, ever since I started working, every single day of my life has been worse than the day before it. So that means that every single day that you see me, that's on the worst day of my life.
So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try to feel okay about them.
We imagine that when we are thrown out of our usual ruts all is lost, but it is only then that what is new and good begins. While there is life there is happiness. There is much, much before us.
Cause the world might do me in. It's all right cause I'm with friends cause I'm giving up again. It doesn't matter and I'm feeling like a ghost and it's what I hate the most cause I'm giving up again and this time. I might just disappear!
Well, no need to brood on what tomorrow may bring. For one thing, tomorrow will be certain to bring worse than today, for many days to come. And there is nothing more that I can do to help it. The board is set, and the pieces are moving.
How can I just let you walk away, just let you leave without a trace? When I stand here taking every breath with you, you're the only one who really knew me at all.
There are those who say that the world is like a calm pond, and that anytime a person does even the smallest thing, it is as if a stone has dropped into the pond, spreading circles of ripples further and further out, until the entire world has been changed by one tiny action.
After others have talked about themselves, a point will be reached when the conversation will get around to you. A little patience here is well invested.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
At that time, I often thought that if I had had to live in the trunk of a dead tree, with nothing to do but look up at the sky flowing overhead, little by little I would have gotten used to it.
To have meaning in your life is better than to have what you want, because you may neither know what you want, nor what you truly need.
And you can fly high as a kite if you want to, faster than light if you want to, speeding through the universe. Thinking is the best way to travel.
Yeah it's you, you're the one that makes me feel right. I've been in love with her for ages and I can't seem to get it right. I fell in love with her in stages my whole life.
This is where I feel safe inside and can let go at the same time. When I'm here, I am open so I can reach the infinite sky. I thought I couldn't want you more, but I was wrong, and when we locked in our stare, then I wanted you more than air.
I know it may be impossible to believe now, when everything is dark and broken, but you will survive this pain, little one. Pain is a memory. You will live and you will struggle and you will find joy. And you will remember your family from this breath to your dying days, because love does not fade. Love is the stars, and its light carries on long after death.
There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything.
It's sad to say that kids unaccepted by their peers really never learn how to get along with people in the big grown up world.
What a lamentable thing it is that men should blame the gods and regard us as the source of their troubles, when it is their own transgressions which bring them suffering that was not their destiny.
There's a club if you'd like to go. You could meet somebody who really loves you. So you go and you stand on your own and you leave on your own and you go home and you cry and you want to die.
I was doing my experiment, my project, and the first time it worked great, but the next time it didn't. I mean, it sort of worked, but then it didn't and I don't know why.
It is one thing to write as poet and another to write as a historian: the poet can recount or sing about things not as they were, but as they should have been, and the historian must write about them not as they should have been, but as they were, without adding or subtracting anything from the truth.
When I'm alone I dream of the horizon and words fail me. There is no light in a room where there is no sun and there is no sun if you're not here with me. From every window unfurls my heart, the heart that you have won. Into me you've poured the light, the light that you found by the side of the road.
There is some love that will not go away. You're here, there's nothing I fear and I know that my heart will go on. We'll stay forever this way, you are safe in my heart.
Reach out your hand if your cup be empty. If your cup is full, may it be again. Let it be known there is a fountain that was not made by the hands of men.
You can't look me in the eye and say that you love me and you know it. You know, there's no sense in struggling against a thing when it's got you. It's got you and that's all there is to it - it's got you!
For the majority of people, what they love exists only in the imagination. The object of their love is not the man or woman of reality, but what he or she is like in their imagination. The person in reality is just a template used for the creation of this dream lover. Eventually, they find out the differences between their dream lover and the template. If they can get used to those differences, then they can be together. If not, they split up. It's as simple as that.
And the hardest part was letting go, not taking part was the hardest part. And the strangest thing was waiting for that bell to ring. It was the strangest start.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide. Come what might she would be wild, untrammelled, free.
You once thought of me as a white knight on his steed. Now you know how happy I can be. Our good times start and end without dollar one to spend.
When the night has come and the land is dark and the moon is the only light we'll see, no I won't be afraid, oh, I won't be afraid just as long as you stand, stand by me.
We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.
Five thousand of my men are out there in the freezing mud. Three thousand of them are bloodied and cleaved. Two thousand will never leave this place. I will not believe they fought and died for nothing.
What I really lived for were those evenings when you were alone, and I pretended you were playing just for me. And though you didn't know it, you were giving me some of the happiest hours of my life.
Everyone wants stuff. We wake up every day with a list of wishes a mile long and maybe we spend our lives trying to make those wishes come true, but just because we want them doesn't mean we need them to be happy.
Brother, however I have wronged you, whatever I have done that has led you to do this, I am truly sorry. But these people are innocent, taking their lives will gain you nothing. So take mine, and end this.
This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.
Dreams are not to be converted into reality, that we know; we would not form any, perhaps, were it not for desire, and it is useful to us to form them in order to see them fail and to be instructed by their failure.
I don't know where you're going and I don't know why but listen to your heart before you tell him goodbye. Sometimes you wonder if this fight is worthwhile. The precious moments are all lost in the tide.
If I touch a burning candle, I can feel no pain. In the ice or in the sun, it's all the same. Yet, I feel my heart is aching. Though it doesn't beat, it's breaking. And the pain here that I feel, try and tell me it's not real. I know that I am dead, yet it seems that I still have some tears to shed.
We all have life storms, and when we get the rough times and we recover from them, we should celebrate that we got through it. No matter how bad it may seem, there's always something beautiful that you can find.
There's an old voice in my head that's holding me back. Well, tell her that I miss our little talks. Soon it will be over and buried with our past. We used to play outside when we were young and full of life and full of love.
I wish I could just make you turn around and see me cry. There's so much I need to say to you, so many reasons why. You're the only one who really knew me at all.
Where do you think you're going? Because I don't think you're going where you think you're going.
For it is said that humans are never satisfied, that you give them one thing and they want something more. And this is said in disparagement, whereas it is one of the greatest talents the species has and one that has made it superior to animals that are satisfied with what they have.
What a curious life we have found here tonight, there is music that sounds from the street. There are lights in the clouds, Anna's ghost all around. Hear her voice as it's rolling and ringing through me, soft and sweet. How the notes all bend and reach above the trees.
And if I should ever go away, well, then close your eyes and try to feel the way we do today, and then if you can remember, keep smiling, keep shining, knowing you can always count on me for sure. That's what friends are for.
People have the right to think and say whatever they want to. But you have the right not to take it to heart, and not to react.
Sometimes it takes heart to write about a thing, doesn't it? To let that thing out of the room way in the back of your mind and put it up there on the screen.
I'm wondering why do all the monsters come out at night? Why do we sleep where we want to hide? Why do I run back to you like I don't mind if you ruin up my life?
I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you.
History is not merely a linear collection of points that we pass through on a timeline. They are connected by a line. No, perhaps it is more accurate to say that they are made to connect.
To the extent that experience is the sum of our memories and wisdom the sum of experience, having a better memory would mean knowing not only more about the world, but also more about myself.
When it's coming at you like monsters in the night, and you feel the danger that makes you want to hide; when the cards are stacked against you and you're standing on the edge: now's the time.
The problem is we don't notice the years pass, he thought. Screw the years - we don't notice things change. We know that things change, we've been told since childhood that things change, we've witnessed things change ourselves many a time, and yet we're still utterly incapable of noticing the moment that change comes - or we search for change in all the wrong places.
It seems to me that the best relationships, the ones that last, are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.
Welcome to the room of people who have rooms of people that they loved one day, docked away. Just because we check the guns at the door doesn't mean our brains will change from hand grenades.
With this hand I will lift your sorrows. Your cup will never be empty, for I will be your wine. With this candle, I will light your way into darkness. With this ring, I ask you to be mine.
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
Mind is not in any one place. Every cell in this body has its own intelligence. The brain is sitting in your head, but mind is all over the place.
Some days I woke up and got out of bed and brushed my teeth like any normal human being; some days I woke up and lay in bed and looked at the ceiling and wondered what the hell the point was of getting out of bed and brushing my teeth like any normal human being.
We can experience nothing but the present moment, live in no other second of time, and to understand this is as close as we can get to eternal life.
Failure is nothing to be ashamed of. If you learned something from it, it's possible to gain that lost ground and then some. And all you have to do is refrain from making that same mistake twice. Above all, you should be ashamed of fearing failure.
There's something moving through the windows and walls, I've seen it before, seen it before. You left me living with a lingering soul, how little you know, how little you know.
A straight line is said to have been cut in extreme and mean ratio when, as the whole line is to the greater segment, so is the greater to the lesser.
And the game was over and the player woke up from the dream. And the player began a new dream. And the player dreamed again, dreamed better. And the player was the universe. And the player was love. You are the player. Wake up.
Tis the night - the night of the graves delight and the warlocks are at their play; Ye think that without the wild winds shout, but no, it is they - it is they.
Nothing is more wonderful than the art of being free, but nothing is harder to learn how to use than freedom.
You know, this necklace makes me think of this totally random memory of my mother. I was a little kid, and I was crying for one reason or another. And she was cradling me, rocking me back and forth, and I can just remember the silver balls rolling around.
Sometimes someone says something and their words are like the catch of a gas stove, the click, click while you're waiting for it to light up and flame big and blue...
I was never scared of dying alone until I knew what it was like to have a home. I was never scared of dying alone until I knew what it was like to have a home.
Can you feel the sunshine? Does it brighten up your day? Don't you feel that sometimes you just need to run away? Reach out for the sunshine, forget about the rain. Just think about the good times and they will come back again.
I've never really had much of an imagination. But still I would try to picture the exact moment when the beating of my heart would no longer be going on inside my head.
Gonna see the river man, gonna tell him all I can about the ban on feeling free. If he tells me all he knows about the way his river flows, I don't suppose it's meant for me.
For me, good design means that when I make a change, it's as if the entire program was crafted in anticipation of it. I can solve a task with just a few choice function calls that slot in perfectly, leaving not the slightest ripple on the placid surface of the code.
I can hear the soft breathing of the girl that I love as she lies here beside me asleep with the night. And her hair, in a fine mist floats on my pillow, reflecting the glow of the winter moonlight.
You know, when you feel this sting of losing, you have to realize that it all boils down to the fact that it's not about awards. It's not about accolades. It's about a body of work. If you can look at yourself in a mirror and say you've done a good job, that's all that matters. If you can do that, let the awards fall where they may.
Sometimes we get sad about things and we don't like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes, we are sad but we really don't know why we are sad, so we say we aren't sad but we really are.
You see, the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent on the way to us.
So much of this story is about human will, about what we can do when we come up against forces bigger than any of us. Whatever your beliefs or your lack thereof, we will live only one version of this life, and where and when that life starts determines so much.
And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
Most of all I want to sleep. I want to sleep like I slept when I was a boy. Give me that. Just one time. That's why I won't allow that punk out there to get the best of me. Let alone the last of me.
For all my brave talk, I knew it was just that. No matter how much I trained or how much I studied, the best test score in the world wasn't gonna matter unless I had the blood test to go with it.
I think if you don't really like a girl, you shouldn't horse around with her at all, and if you do like her, then you're supposed to like her face, and if you like her face, you ought to be careful about doing crumby stuff to it, like squirting water all over it. It's really too bad that so much crumby stuff is a lot of fun sometimes.
Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
You know, Doc, when something happens, it can leave a trace of itself behind. Say like if someone burns toast. Well, maybe things that happen leave other kind of traces behind. Not things that anyone can notice, but things that people who shine can see. Just like they can see things that haven't happened yet, well, sometimes they can see things that happened a long time ago. I think a lot of things happened right here in this particular hotel over the years, and not all of 'em was good.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way.
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practice these until they have routinized their mastery.
We never get to change the past. We never get to know the future. No reason to wish for one place rather than another; no reason to say I wish I were home, or I wish I were in an exotic new place that is not my home. They will all be the same as this place. Here the experience of existing comes clear. This world is our body.
When I need to find something out, I just go out and look for somebody that knows more than me, and I go and ask them. Sometimes I ask pretty hard.
If we burn our wings flying too close to the sun; if the moment of glory is over before it's begun; if the dream is won though everything is lost, we will pay the price but we will not count the cost.
Sometimes at night I let it get to me. And sometimes, I'm sure it gets to all of us. And last night, it had me down I'm feeling numb. I can try, but sometimes that is not enough. No, sometimes that is not enough.
And I taught myself how to forget that sometimes life will try to convince you there's such a thing as regret. But I found it to be a lie, the same lie I found when I looked in your eyes after it was said and done.
You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you see is every negative thing ten miles down the road.
There are mysteries to the universe we were never meant to solve, but who we are and why we are here, are not among them, those answers we carry inside.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then to work outward from there. Other people can talk about how to expand the destiny of mankind. I just want to talk about how to fix a motorcycle. I think that what I have to say has more lasting value.
Live a good life. If there are gods and they are just, they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by. If there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them. If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones.
All of these moments just might find their way into my dreams tonight. But I know that they'll be gone when the morning light sings and brings new things.
She had waited all her life for something and it had killed her when it found her.
I still see your shadows in my room, can't take back the love that I gave you. It's to the point where I love and I hate you, and I cannot change you so I must replace you. Easier said than done, I thought you were the one. Listening to my heart, instead of my head. You found another one, but I am the better one. I won't let you forget me.
You can't see the changes we see, we who have been with him for so long. Do you think any of us want to look into his eyes for the next hundred years if he loses you?
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope that I find it along the way.
I've been making a list of the things they don't teach you at school. They don't teach you how to love somebody. They don't teach you how to be famous. They don't teach you how to be rich or how to be poor. They don't teach you how to walk away from someone you don't love any longer. They don't teach you how to know what's going on in someone else's mind. They don't teach you what to say to someone who's dying. They don't teach you anything worth knowing.
And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking toward those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.
When you lose the ones you love, you might find it hard to cry. Until it's only you and everybody else has left the room, you might feel what it's like to not know how to feel.
San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world.
When you go on the run, the first thing you do is lay down tracks in the opposite direction. But that only works if the bad guys find the trail and believe it's for real, which means selling it. You need to put on a little show, make them feel clever. When you make somebody work to get a piece of information, they'll believe it that much more because it's hard to get.
When you find that one person who connects you to the world, you become someone different. Someone better. When that person is taken from you, what do you become then?
The Earth is a world, the world is a ball, a ball in a game with no rules at all. And just as I wonder at the beauty of it all, you go and drop it and it breaks and falls.
I'd pull your eyes out of your head, and put them in my own skull, and look around, so I could see the street the way I used to when I was your age.
I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print.
He did not know how long it took, but later he looked back on this time of crying in the corner of the dark cave and thought of it as when he learned the most important rule of survival, which was that feeling sorry for yourself didn't work. It wasn't just that it was wrong to do, or that it was considered incorrect. It was more than that - it didn't work.
You shared something horrible with me, gave me no time to process it, and while I was taking it in you not only attacked my integrity, you made me feel ashamed of myself.
Just let me wake up in the morning to the smell of new mown hay, to laugh and cry, to live and die in the brightness of my day. I want to hear the pealing bell of distant churches sing. But most of all please free me from this aching metal ring and open out this cage towards the sun.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.
I don't want my thoughts to die with me, I want to have done something. I'm not interested in power, or piles of money. I want to leave something behind. I want to make a positive contribution - know that my life has meaning.
I don't like work - no man does - but I like what is in the work - the chance to find yourself. Your own reality - for yourself, not for others - what no other man can ever know. They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
The dark is generous, and it is patient, and it always wins. It always wins because it is everywhere. It is in the wood that burns in your hearth, and in the kettle on the fire; it is under your chair and under your table and under the sheets on your bed. Walk in the midday sun, and the dark is with you, attached to the soles of your feet. The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.